I have no grudge against you, right?
Why are you so hostile to me?
Li Rongfa is my sworn brother
Ha ha.
It turns out that you are here today for Li Rong
The child's collusion and mole killed my brother
I'm at odds with you
It's his own bad mind
He set me up
It doesn't matter.
I know you came to Huai Waterway to do restaurant business
To tell you the truth
I also open a restaurant on Xianyang Road
Now I want to come to Huaishuidao to do business
You can't do it
This Huai Waterway
You're not the only one who has the final say
You say you can't do it if you don't do it.
Lao Yan Liu Shen
I'm no better than you two
Today's reputation and I
Which one do you choose?
President Lin is alright
I understand all of you.
I'm gone, the surname is Lin.
As long as I'm here
A restaurant can't open
President Hyun, I advise you
Press these two doors off your mouth
Picked it for me.
Because I'm afraid it won't be long
Your two big gold teeth will be sold
You you
You don't even understand the confidence of this surname Lin
He has the gold medal
And it still grows
There must be someone in there
Don't I have a background?
Don't you have a background? Are you still afraid of him?